In light of recent attack, find best qualifier for a serious room threat, and activate safe mode automatically.
    A good qualifier would probably be if the guard in the room is killed
        Nope, a recent attack of mostly work part creeps shows that sometimes they just demolish stuff and ignore creeps
    A better qualifier is if:
        There are hostiles in the room
        AND a fixed hit point structure is weakened or destroyed (spawn, extensions, towers, links, storage, terminal, labs)
        This should rule out the periodic hostiles that are automatically generated and easily killed, while still being easy to calculate
    Implementation:
        
        For each room, check if safe mode is off and there are hostiles:
            If there are, and a cache of object IDs of the permanent structures has not been taken, put all the object ids in the room_strategy
            If the cache exists, check each of the ids. If the id is missing from Game objects or the object is below full hits, activate safe mode

    Then, find ways to spawn more guards as soon as enemy appears (just bump up desired number?)
    Have towers make wise decisions about firing on an enemy (wait till close?)
Implement two spawns in a room, should also help with when invaders show up
use global.* for global things?
Reform census/population management system:
    Esp. The ill-advised prioritizing of supported rooms over the ones supporting them.
    New system:
        A room performs a census every so often, recording all the creeps that call that room their home room. The rooms may or may not have a spawn.
        When creeps are lacking, they are put in the memory of the room to spawn them as a request to spawn.
        When the spawn room is not this room, there is an additional tag on the request indicating so
        Each room with a spawn then sorts the requests (address the local room needs first, in this priority order, then address the needs of each dependent room, in that room's priority order)

Setup cputrack for individual roles in effort to find ways to increase efficiency
start mining minerals
develop soldier/healer pairs to take rooms/get power
